Improve IRSA document for cross-account role for AWS Release v19 (#2041)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/advanced/access-management/iam-roles-for-service-accounts/index.md

For cross account roles please follow the [guide](#cross-account) above and replace the `CLOUDFRONT_DOMAIN` with the new `CLOUDFRONT_ALTERNATE_DOMAIN`.

> Login into the AWS on the account where the cluster is running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in into AWS on the account where the cluster is running:
```

> Login into the AWS on the account where the cluster is running:

Reviewer: This paragraph doesn't have an explanation. What is done here and why? Should this have a separate heading? Is it about making it work across accounts?

Author: It is actually part of cross account roles mentioned above:
> For cross account roles please follow the [guide](#cross-account) above and replace the `CLOUDFRONT_DOMAIN` with the new `CLOUDFRONT_ALTERNATE_DOMAIN`.

Maybe, we should go with adding a separate heading.

Author: I have updated the doc so, it doesn't relink to previous guide which might be confusing. Also, added screenshot.

- Grab the URL of the Identity Provider in your current cluster `IAM > Identity Providers`. It will look like `https://irsa.CLUSTER_ID.k8s.INSTALLATION_NAME.BASE_DOMAIN`.

> Login into the account where the IAM role is located and create an Identity Provider in `IAM > Identity Providers`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log into the account where the IAM role is located and create an Identity Provider in `IAM > Identity Providers`:
```

> - Set `Provider URL` to the previously gathered URL and click the `Get thumbprint` to import the certificate.

Reviewer: Not sure if this is clear to customers. Should we add screenshots for the steps? Not really needed if this is a rare corner case.
